docs/src/index.md, before:

```@meta
CurrentModule = JuliaDB
```
# JuliaDB
![](https://juliacomputing.com/assets/img/new/4dots.svg)

## Overview

*JuliaDB is a package for working with persistent data sets.*

We recognized the need for an all-Julia, end-to-end tool that can

1. Load multi-dimensional datasets quickly and incrementally.
2. Index the data and perform filter, aggregate, sort and join operations.
3. Save results and load them efficiently later.
4. Readily use Julia's built-in [parallelism](https://docs.julialang.org/en/stable/manual/parallel-computing/) to fully utilize any machine or cluster.

We built JuliaDB to fill this void.

JuliaDB provides distributed table and array datastructures with convenient functions to load data from CSV. JuliaDB is Julia all the way down. This means queries can be composed with Julia code that may use a vast ecosystem of packages.

## Getting started

JuliaDB works on Julia 0.6. To install it, run:

```julia
Pkg.add("JuliaDB")
```

To use JuliaDB, you may start Julia with a few worker processes (`julia -p N`) or, alternatively, run `addprocs(N)` before running

```@repl sampledata
using JuliaDB
```

Multiple processes may not be benificial for datasets with less than a few million rows. Communication costs are eliminated on a single process, but of course you will be using a single CPU.

## Resources

- [API Reference](api/index.html)
- [Out-of-core processing](manual/out-of-core.html)
- [Issue tracker](https://github.com/JuliaComputing/JuliaDB.jl/issues)
- [Source code](https://github.com/JuliaComputing/JuliaDB.jl)
- [Slack channel]()

Commit message:

Support for DataValues, WIP new docs (#250)
* start rewriting docs

* wip

* clean up partitionplot code

* update partitionplot

* typo

* test joins with Missing and DataValue

* updates for supporting Missing and DataValue

* wip

* docs

* bump IndexedTables in REQUIRE

* docs wip

* setup docs/Project.toml

* doc wip

docs/src/index.md, after:

# Overview

**JuliaDB is a package for working with persistent data sets.**

We recognized the need for an all-Julia, end-to-end tool that can

1. Load multi-dimensional datasets quickly and incrementally.
2. Index the data and perform filter, aggregate, sort and join operations.
3. Save results and load them efficiently later.
4. Readily use Julia's built-in [parallelism](https://docs.julialang.org/en/stable/manual/parallel-computing/) to fully utilize any machine or cluster.

We built JuliaDB to fill this void.

JuliaDB provides distributed table and array datastructures with convenient functions to load data from CSV. JuliaDB is Julia all the way down. This means queries can be composed with Julia code that may use a vast ecosystem of packages.


## Quickstart

```julia
# Install JuliaDB
using Pkg
pkg"add JuliaDB"

# Load the JuliaDB Package
using JuliaDB

# Create a table where the first column is the "primary key"
t = table(rand(Bool, 10), rand(10), pkey=1)
```

## Parallelism

- The parallel/distributed features of JuliaDB are available by starting Julia with worker processes (`julia -p N`) or by running

```julia
addprocs(N)
```

before running

```julia
using JuliaDB
```

- Multiple processes may not be benificial for datasets with less than a few million rows. Communication costs are eliminated on a single process, but of course you will only be using a single CPU.

## Additional Resources

- [#juliadb Channel in the JuliaLang Slack](https://julialang.slack.com/messages/C86LDBEBD/)
- [JuliaLang Discourse](https://discourse.julialang.org)
- [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/JuliaComputing/JuliaDB.jl/issues)
